These are my thoughts on test cases, ideas and questions after first glance on documentation and the web app:
It’s possible to press top right ‘Load’ button on ‘Events’ page while ‘Select device’ dropdown is empty. Possible solution - disable ‘Load’ button if correct device isn’t selected in the dropdown and display popup with info to select correct device.

‘Return’ key can act as a form/request submission trigger. After inputting text in ‘Search in all columns’ field and pressing ‘Return’ - site should load results of that search. Currently nothing is happening after pressing ‘Return’.

Display device by it’s name not by id with picture of device - for quicker and more intuitive navigation among the devices.

Connect brand new device or device with cleared events history - if there is 0 events - how would the web app behave?

Generate many device events like 10k or 1m (don’t know what are usual boundaries) for/in the device - how would the web app behave?

Connect glitchy device - that is recognizable in network - but cannot send events how would the web app behave?

Select dates ranges - 2 days in the past, one in the past and current, current and in the future, one in the past and one in the future, 2 days in the future. Also think it’s better to disable selection of future dates in the dates dropdown.

The dates dropdown needs improvement while inputting date manually - when the first letters of month are entered - display only this month in the dropdown and autosuggest month name, after it when day is entered - auto select entered day of entered month in the dropdown in current year, after entering of year after the month and day - select entered month/day/year in the dropdown.

It’s possible to remove dates strings from dates dropdowns and try to load results, in the date dropdown - range of previously selected dates is highlighted and looks like this dates range is loading - but the strings with dates in the dates fields are empty - with only ‘From’ and ‘To’ default values. Possible solution would be - autofill currently selected date in this field if it was removed or even partially removed.

Small visual bug in the dates dropdown highlighting - first and last days’ highlight should not have rounded corners - to aesthetically match rest of highlighting when dates with multiple weeks highlighted are selected.

Change current date on computer from which the web app was loaded - is it loads date from user’s pc or from some other source?
I see that in the ‘Documented REST API’ section there is a ‘Device events’ subsection with explanation of method for getting device events - i see this method in ‘Request’ subsection and it is only ‘GET’ method there - but there is also ‘method=’ parameter in the documented request. What is this method? - it’s not documented in ‘URI parameters’ subsection table.

Is the url - current domain address depends on user’s or users’ company or not?

Are the devices speaking to IoT hub first - (like devices in home network are speaking to home router first and then the router sends data to the internet) - or all devices are sending data to the cloud directly?

Popups with various status codes can translated into user language - like 400 bad request into ‘One or more fields contains invalid data’ or something like that - possibly with link ‘More info...’ in the popup with more detailed explanation of the error occurred.

I don’t have the API testing experience - but i would test it with various (also correct and not) eventTypes, dates, url, and correct, not correct (partially correct) authentication details and see the relevant responses - 403 (Forbidden) for bad credentials and/or not included ViewEvents permission and not using HTTPS, 400 (Bad request) for wrong eventTypes, dates, url and not providing one or two required parameters, 200 (OK) if all are good.

What would happen if other that ‘GET’ method will be used in the request? - for example ‘POST’ or ‘PUT’ methods.

What would happen if other HTTP protocol version will be used in the request? - like HTTP 2.0

Is it possible to get rid of ‘Body’ object in the response body and use ‘event’, ‘hardwareSerial’ strings at the top level alongside with ‘InternalDeviceId’ and ‘_ts’ strings in JSON file? - I think redundant ‘Body’ key is not needed - as this whole JSON file is already a body of response.

‘InternalDeveceId’ key string in the JSON file doesn’t start from lowercase letter.

I would unify the request and response values - like ‘eventType’ in request and ‘event’ in response for consistency and their simpler automation testing.

Disallow deselection of all columns on ‘Events’ page in the web app - if all columns will be unchecked - it would be nothing to display.

Select all text in ‘Search in all columns’ field when it gains focus - for quick inputting of desired search query by user - same as in Chrome omnibox

The web app is not responsive and doesn’t have horizontal scrollbar when it’s contents isn’t fitting horizontally.