Hello, how are you?

1. Take a look at Now Dock Panel https://store.kde.org/p/1154578/ and Now Dock Plasmoid https://store.kde.org/p/1151047/ as plasma alternative to Plank. It's not mature enough yet, but can be added into repo (and in live sys?) after some time.
2. Add wayland option into sddm sessions.
3. Change 'Packager' value for packages in nurunner repo. Currently it's 'Unknown Packager' and 'James Kittsmiller (AJSLye) <james@nulogicsystems.com>'
4. What search engine are you using? Maybe set google as default search engine in firefox.
5. Add qwinff, ffmulticonverter, netbeans-php, netbeans-cpp, masterpdfeditor-qt5, megaclient-qt5, aqemu, slack-desktop (and make sure it works with firefox in slack:// protocol for magic link authorization),seafile and nextcloud packages and their dependencies into repo. Remove sddm package cause it's in extra repo (remove calamares? - replace it with nurunner-calamares-branding like sonar-calamares-branding package?). Replace 'pavucontrol' package with 'pavucontrol-qt'.
6. Add 'kde-cdemu-manager-kf5' package (mount isos from dolphin) with it's dependencies into repo and in live sys.
7. Brainstorm commercial version of distro. For example CrossOver software can be added and polished, plus additional support for it or something.
8. Add lxqt (with kwin) to live sys as more lightweight alternative/fallback option.
9. 'Notifications' are in sys tray and as widget in panel. When you make operations with files - the functionality of them is duplicated.
10. Add 'sshfs' package for browsing android filesystem in dolphin from kde connect menu (left click on kde connect item in sys tray - top right folder icon in menu) or from dolphin's 'Places' panel.
11. Duplicate entries for 'Desktop Theme' when you search for them in 'Application Menu'. When you launch first and without closing first launch the second entry - it doesn't notify about 'This configuration section is already opened..' - the second section is just opening.
12. No entry for 'Plasma Services' upon search in 'Application Menu'.
13. Bug in 'Account Details' with disabling/enabling kwallet. Steps to reproduce: go to 'System Settings' -> 'Plasma Services' and enable 'KWallet', than go to 'Account Details' -> 'KDE Wallet' without closing of 'System Settings' you can see it's turned off but you just enabled it in 'Plasma Services'. When you go to 'Plasma Services' again - you can see it's disabled indeed. And when you close 'System Settings' and go to 'Account Details' - you can see in 'KDE Wallet' it's enabled as expected. I think it's a bug because when you enable 'Baloo' in 'Plasma Services' and without closing 'System Setting' go to 'Search' - you can see file search (ballo) is enabled and with disabling - it's the same thing.
14. No text in error message when you change some setting and reject the password prompt (e.g. you press esc) in 'Account Details'.
15. No password prompt in 'Plasma Services' for saving settings - they are just saving after changing.
16. What does disabling of 'KRunner' in 'Plasma Services' do? After disabling i can still execute krunner by shortcut and launch programs (do other usual things) with it. And if it's removing krunner from autostart and changes will be seen after restart - it may notify about that in some text near by switch (and just stoping service in live sys).
17. 'Advanced..'. 'Widget Style', '..Decoration..', 'Desktop Theme', 'General' in 'Application Menu' entries are not clear where they lead to (similar/same names in search result in 'Application Menu').
18. No entries for 'Workspace Theme', 'GNOME Application Style (GTK)' in 'Application Menu'.
19. xmessage 'Could not start ksmserver. Check your installation' after killing x. And when you press ok on that message - x server reloads again.
20. Add 'kdeplasma-runners-vbox' package into nurunner repo for starting virtual machines from krunner.