Hi, community!

1. Move these lists into github issues?
2. Look at ghetto-skype (skype for web electron app - in development - no video calls, screen sharing for now).
3. Add to repo: ocenaudio, enpass, plex-media-server, whatsie (whatsapp), messengerfordeskop (facebook), franz (all-in-one), stremio.
4. Build server for nightly isos, dev/git and aur packages.
5. Add mirrors for iso downloading to sourceforge, linuxtracker, fosshub? - https://www.fosshub.com/Operating-Systems.html .
6. Think about more additional nurunner configurations (better plasma integrations, patches etc.) for some applications that can be installed separately (or as dependency, or in meta package).
7. Idea - make installing apps in more assisted mode. For example you install plex-media-server and you see more tips in console, running plex server interface auto opens in default browser after installing.
8. Idea - configurations for each user with settings and installed apps (like android profile, korora canvas?). Ability to restore them after reinstalling of nurunner,synchronize them between systems/share your setup etc. Cross distro GUI/CLI utility for settings (just like Calamares but for user configurations), ability to save in cloud/in text file.
9. Create porteus-like build iso online wizard http://build.porteus.org/ with ability to choose edition like office or game or audio (rt kernel) - with specific packages.
10. Suggestion - add alternatives to some apps into live iso for example: firefox - chromium, vlc - smplayer, kdevlive - openshot.
11. No 'radiotray' package in live iso, but there is radiotray mention in 'entertainment' calamares slide.
12. Minor - on the penultimate slide in calamares - rhombus (nurunner's logo) has a little shift to the right and down compared to the first and the last slide's rhombuses.
13. Minor - konsole started from octopi ('Run in terminal' in 'Confirmation' window on installing packages) uses different styling then konsole started in the usual way.
14. Add pamac along with (instead of) octopi into live sys - with 'pamac-tray-appindicator' package - for better kde integration, here is link to video comparison of octopi and pamac - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e0crhf0kswo .
15. Brainstorm custom?/post install software (Antergos/BunsenLabs alike) - with next features:
    detection for laptop or desktop type pc - remove/add packages for each sys type (battery, wifi detection etc.)
    ability to install (remove):
        proprietary/opensource video drivers
        printing support
        bluetooth support
        latest/lts kernel
        java support - open/oracle jdk
        flash support - pepper/adobe flash
        uncomplicated firewall
        samba
        additional software
16. Add nurunner-testing repo into pacman.conf file.
17. Look at discord, when app will have these features - https://blog.discordapp.com/upcoming-fea...ends-list/ - it can be added into nurunner repo.
18. Bug in 'Expanding Icons Task Manager' - sometimes there is just app icon remains in the center of the task - text disappears and width of the task stays unchanged - 'part-of-the-bottom-panel-1' screenshot - it's not only on firefox task - on 'part-of-the-bottom-panel-2' screenshot - plus on second panel screenshot - you can see dropbox icon is pixelated - it's not stock icon but stock icon is pixelated too.
19. What is the name of the distro? - is it 'NuRunner', 'Nurunner' or 'NuRunner Rolling' - there are all of that names in packages descriptions in repos.
20. Add package nurunner-iso-profile package with nurunner profile for manjaro-tools into repos.
21. Increase yakuake scrollback lines to 10000 by default.
22. 'Manage Profiles...' doesn't work in yakuake.
23. On a barely-supported hardware for Nurunner - x2300 radeon - Nurunner's themes don't display text in some menus but manjaro kde edition does, screenshots: 'manjaro-kde-main-menu', 'nurunner-main-menu', 'nurunner-networks-menu'.
24. Disable confirmations of rebooting and shutting down in sddm - for consistency with desktop session no confirmation logout.
25. When you choose session in sddm - sometimes cursor turns into cross.
26. Ability to boot in text mode from syslinux on live sys (and from grub on installed system?).
27. Add secondary keyboard layout into live sys (along with english and english by default) that was chosen in syslinux (F2) and on installed sys (lang chosen in calamares).
28. Add whdd (utility for diagnostic/recovery hdds) in live sys in addition to memtest. 
