1. Launch some apps in fullscreen by default - e.g.    Spell checking support for Norwegian
62 aur/perl-pod-spell 1.17-1 (45) (0,01)
    a formatter for spellchecking Pod
63 aur/perl-pod-wordlist-hanekomu 1.132680-1 (2) (0,00)
    Add words for spell checking POD (DEPRECATED)
 Firefox, GIMP, Kdenlive, LibreOffice..
2. Change default 'Mouse wheel behavior' in Gwenview from 'Scroll' to 'Browse', disable 'Animations' or change it to 'OpenGL' (it appears more smoother to me) and speed-up animation, hide 'Sidebar' by default.
3. Maybe disable all sounds for notifications.
4. Add 'Keep above' button in 'Window Decorations' to the left side of titlebar (right after 'Menu' button). Sometimes i need to keep one window above others (for example media player with video - if 'Keep above' button will be in titlebar - i can keep it above or back to same as others in one click - the button doesn't take to many space, considering titlebar almost always has a lot of free space.) And maybe add 'Shade' to left side too.
5. Add updated dropbox to repo, include dropbox in live system, don't launch it at startup.
6. In Yakuake configuration - 'Window' -> 'Tab Bar' -> enable 'Show title bar contents in tab labels' by default.
7. Hide 'Information' (F11) panel by default in Dolphin - for more space for folders.
8. Do we need 'Marble'?
9. Maybe disable 'Tip of the Day' upon startup of programs (like in K3b...)
10. Do we need K3b? Do you still burn CDs?
11. On startup of 'Grub Customizer' error message shows 'grub-mkconfig couldn't be executed successfully. error message: /usr/bin/grub-probe: error: failed to get canonical path of `overlay`'.
12. Do we need games like 'BurgerSpace', 'Frozen Buble', 'KSnakeDuel'?. Think about what games to include https://www.kde.org/applications/games/ and what to remove. Do we need games at all? (leave just steam and maybe add playonlinux, wine and/or desura, scummvm, dosbox, dbgl(gui for dosbox)).
13. Gmusicbrowser seems not working with new perl. do we need it if we have audacious?
14. Bundle audacious with qt5 interface 'aur/audacious-qt5' (it needs plugins 'audacious-plugins-qt5' and 'jack2' packages to work). Or launch audacious with gtk2 interface by default. gtk2 interface better than winamp skin as for me.
15. In Kate editor - do not reveal 'Documents' sidebar by default - we have tabs for it, maybe place it to the bottom sidebar or maybe not show sidebars at starup at all - all this to save some space for text.
16. In Firefox - don't include Yahoo, Amazon, Twitter search engines. Perhaps include Yandex https://addons.mozilla.org/RU/firefox/addon/yandex-search/?src=search and Baidu https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/baidu-search/ for advantage to international users.
17. Do we need Cantata (mpd client) and mpd daemon installed and at startup?
18. Review '/usr/bin/desktop-items' script, which is autostarted in live sys.
19. Add startup script with detecting localization and applying uBlock subscriptions accordingly - for better ads blocking.
20. Replace QTransmission with qBittorrent. I think it's better - it has more convenient interface and easy way to shutdown/suspend.. system on downloads done.
21. Review 'Plasma Search' plugins - do we need for example 'Activities', 'Date and Time', 'Dictionary', 'Instant Messaging', 'OpenStreetMap with Marble', 'Unit Converter' and 'Web Shortcuts'.
22. Did you know that you can just start typing on desktop (when desktop itself is in focus, not some window) and krunner will pop-up - add this info to readme/welcome utility (think about other shortcuts to improve workflow for adding).
